today we finish today with the videos of
beauty but do not worry anymore
forward I will upload beauty videos but
If you missed them or did not see them in the
description of this video I'll leave you link
so that parents and you see them and now better
we see that you are looking for and not the
you find so what happens happens this
description and talking description of
video and link of these videos so you
I will leave the how to make the dough and how
have it because because today we will talk
over the salt mass if you go more
later I uploaded those two videos
so I thought I should go up the
video because maybe it's happened to you that I
I said how to make them
and put the refrigerator every time he
just use the mind ballot or
put it in an equal bag in a
procedure in the refrigerator but if you
you left outdoors and you're
starting to dry actresses or not anymore no
I can recover the one that's wrong, not anymore
I can recover it
then they can not be figurines anymore
I do not know if it's starting to dry yet
there is an option where you can
recover if you want to know by serving this
video
what you will need is
natural abue
and obviously the dough that is drying
what we are going to do is put your
fingers to the water
and start molding or kneading your dough
until you run out completely
the water and what to ensure to put up
have the consistency that I had
before it dries but remember
this if you leave it outdoors because it
It seems like it lasts like a rock, so
there are still arrangements and if we have not
dry as a procedure that I told you
but remember do not overdo water
because the only thing that will happen is that it
going to save the dough then the
consistency that it must have is that it
you should be stuck but that should be
watery
and it must have been inhabited or dry
It must be fine at a perfect point
as I said in the video
so if you do not know how to do it
visit this video and how it was worth it
It was destroyed very short and we finished
this video came to an end so
subscribe in the video in the box
red that says subscribe or if it is
the same cell device or type
of things and I 've given that ticket ten
faces of that youtube application has
the little button of your experience has and
if you subscribe to the broad world
subscribe then also give
manita ribao thumbcito up and
comment if they liked the video if
he wants it to go up more if he and he was
help then I would love them their
videos and if you have questions I
Abajito is answered then he dances and
See you in the next video